There are two types of citations,
direct, and indirect.
Both require proper
documentation when being cited.
Direct citations take a phrase,
sentence, or sentences word for
word from another work.
This can also include taking tables or
other graphics unchanged
from somewhere else.
Direct quotations should be written within
quotation marks, or set as a block quote,
depending on the length of the quote and
the citation style you are using.
Indirect citations,
may involve summarizing a full article,
paraphrasing certain ideas
from another article, or
using previously gathered data to
create your own tables or graphics.
These are just a few examples of
direct and indirect citations.
Be sure that if you take something exactly
as it appears in another article, book, or
resource, that you treat
it as a direct citation.
it is a best practice to
paraphrase whenever possible and
to avoid direct quotations
unless necessary.
Paraphrasing is one of the hardest
things students have to learn.
It is one of the reasons
students get in trouble for
plagiarizing, because students do
not always paraphrase properly.
The best way to get better at
paraphrasing is to practice.
Try doing it whenever you take notes from
articles or book chapters you are reading.
Here are some tips on
paraphrasing properly.
Rewrite the sentence using your own words.
Rewrite it using your
own sentence structure.
Make sure to keep any distinctive words or
phrases taken from the original source.
This may be a phrase that would not make
sense if you changed anything about it.
For example, a scientific catch-phrase
like cosmological singularity.
You could write out the definition, but
it would make more sense to
just leave the phrase as is.
Always accurately represent
the author's intent.
You never want to change the tone or
meaning.
If an author positively supports
the topic, and you paraphrase the author's
words to make them sound negative you have
not accurately paraphrased the author.
Even when you paraphrase, you always want
to cite the source of your information.
The best way to get better at
paraphrasing is to practice.
Let's test our knowledge together on
how to best paraphrase a sentence.
Which option below is the best
paraphrase of the following sentence?
Compared to native blood vessels,
all currently available blood vessel
substitutes perform suboptimally.
I'll give you a second to
read through the options.